Cookie Store API docs updates - live examples (#38095)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/cookiestore/set/index.md

}
```

```js hidden
const reload = document.querySelector("#reset");

reload.addEventListener("click", () => {
  window.location.reload(true);
});

const logElement = document.querySelector("#log");

function log(text) {
  logElement.innerText = `${logElement.innerText}${text}\n`;
  logElement.scrollTop = logElement.scrollHeight;
}
```

```js hidden
function logCookie(name, cookie) {
  if (cookie) {
    log(`${name}:`);
    for (const [key, value] of Object.entries(cookie)) {
      log(` ${key}: ${value}`);
    }
  } else {
    log(`${name}: Cookie not found`);
  }
}
```

#### JavaScript

The code first waits for the cookie to be set: as this operation can fail, the operation is performed in a `try...catch` block and any errors are logged.
The example then gets the new cookie, if it exists, and logs its properties (note the logging and other display code is omitted).

```js
async function cookieTest() {
  const day = 24 * 60 * 60 * 1000;

  try {
    // Set cookie
    await cookieStore.set({
      name: "cookie2",
      value: `cookie2-value`,
      expires: Date.now() + day,
      partitioned: true,
    });
  } catch (error) {
    log(`Error setting cookie2: ${error}`);

>     console.log(error);

Author: Not, this will have to be removed.

## Examples

> ### Setting a cookie with name and value

Reviewer: I can't comment on ^, but we should define SameSite in one place and link to it, rather than have loads of half-correct definitions of it in various places.

Author: We do define SameSite in the `Set-Cookie` document which is linked. There is one fine-point difference that this API explicitly defines the enum values, so hence lower case.

I take you point on the duplication, and I don't think the description is necessary. So for all cases in this doc I have replaced with text like :

> One of the following [`SameSite`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie#samesitesamesite-value) values: [`"strict"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie#strict), [`"lax"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie#lax), or [`"none"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie#none).

https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/38095/commits/9f81fa84a0ceaa946abedb480371831520f612be

Reviewer: Yeah, I'm a bit sensitive to this at the moment because I found multiple definitions of this while researching CSRF, and most of them are incomplete.

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie#samesitesamesite-value
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#controlling_third-party_cookies_with_samesite
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Practical_implementation_guides/CSRF_prevention#samesite_cookies

Author: Fair enough. They do have slightly different audiences so the content probably wouldn't quite match, but they should at least link to a definitive meaning as per HTTP in https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie#samesitesamesite-value

> The following example sets a cookie by passing a `name` and `value` of cookie1 and cookie1-value, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example sets a cookie by passing a `name` and `value` of "cookie1" and "cookie1-value", respectively.
```

This approach can be used when you only want to set a name and value.

```html hidden
<button id="showCookies" type="button">Show cookies</button>
<button id="reset" type="button">Reset</button>
<pre id="log"></pre>
```

```css hidden
#log {
  height: 180px;
  overflow: scroll;
  padding: 0.5rem;
  border: 1px solid black;
}
```

```js hidden
const reload = document.querySelector("#reset");

reload.addEventListener("click", () => {
  window.location.reload(true);
});

const logElement = document.querySelector("#log");

function log(text) {
  logElement.innerText = `${logElement.innerText}${text}\n`;
  logElement.scrollTop = logElement.scrollHeight;
}
```

```js hidden
function logCookie(name, cookie) {
  if (cookie) {
    log(`${name}:`);
    for (const [key, value] of Object.entries(cookie)) {
      log(` ${key}: ${value}`);
    }
  } else {
    log(`${name}: Cookie not found`);
  }
}
```

#### JavaScript

> The example code first awaits for the cookie to be set, then waits to get the value and log it (note the logging and other display code is omitted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example code first waits for the cookie to be set, then waits to get the value, then logs the value (note that the logging and other display code is omitted).
```

> Note that asynchronous code is called within an `async` function because you can't `await` on a top level function.

Reviewer: I don't think you need this line.

Author: ```suggestion
```

```js
async function cookieTest() {
  // await on setting the cookie
  await cookieStore.set({
    name: "cookie1",
    value: `cookie1-value`,
  });

  // await on getting the cookie and then log its values
  const cookie = await cookieStore.get("cookie1");
  logCookie("cookie1", cookie);
}
```

```js hidden
const showCookies = document.querySelector("#showCookies");

showCookies.addEventListener("click", () => {
  cookieTest();
});
```

#### Result

Press **Show cookies** to set the cookie and then display it.
Note that some browsers will only display the `name` and `value`, while others will display all the properties of the cookie.

{{EmbedLiveSample('Setting a cookie with name and value', 100, 250)}}

### Setting a cookie with options

> The following example sets a cookie by passing an "options" object with `name`, `value`, `expires`, and `partitioned`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example sets a cookie by passing an `options` object with `name`, `value`, `expires`, and `partitioned`.
```

  logElement.scrollTop = logElement.scrollHeight;
}
```

```js hidden
function logCookie(name, cookie) {
  if (cookie) {
    log(`${name}:`);
    for (const [key, value] of Object.entries(cookie)) {
      log(` ${key}: ${value}`);
    }
  } else {
    log(`${name}: Cookie not found`);
  }
}
```

#### JavaScript

The example code first awaits for the cookie to be set, then waits to get the value and log it (note the logging and other display code is omitted).

```js
async function cookieTest() {
  const day = 24 * 60 * 60 * 1000;
  await cookieStore.set({
    name: "cookie2",
    value: `cookie2-value`,
    expires: Date.now() + day,
    partitioned: true,
  });

  const cookie = await cookieStore.get("cookie2");
  logCookie("cookie2", cookie);
}
```

Note that some logging and other code is omitted for brevity.

```js hidden
const showCookies = document.querySelector("#showCookies");

showCookies.addEventListener("click", () => {
  cookieTest();
});
```

#### Result

Press **Show cookies** to set the cookie and then display it.
Note that some browsers will only display the `name` and `value`, while others will display all the properties of the cookie.

> Even if the values are not displayed, they are still set.

Author: @wbamberg FYI
FF has implemented this so that if you set the values they are sent internally, but all getters and events only return name/value. 

While I have updated the getter/event BCD to indicate this, it isn't clear in this example because it is a setter() and that part of the BCD isn't shown here.
